Extend defaultSearchField explanation (#1745)
contao/docs: docs/dev/reference/dca/list.md

| disableGrouping       | true/false (`bool`)              | Allows you to disable the group headers in list view and parent view.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | defaultSearchField    | Field name (`string`)            | {{< version-tag "5.1" >}} Set a default search field for the search records menu instead of selecting the alphabetically first field. In addition it makes the breadcrumb show this field's value instead of the generic "Edit element ID …".                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| defaultSearchField    | Field name (`string`)            | {{< version-tag "5.1" >}} Set a default search field for the search records menu instead of selecting the alphabetically first field. The specified field's value will also be used as a fallback for the automatically generated breadcrumb, instead of just showing a generic label.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
```
